The Joe Rogan experience.
So John Kavanaugh who's Khan, rugger, excuse me. Who's Conor.
McGregor's coach said that that's Laura, Laura Sanko is a,
one of the UFC, uh, commentators. And she, uh,
did an excellent interview with Kavanaugh and they went over all the things that
happened. And one of the things that happened in training camp was, uh,
they think it probably cracked in training camp and, uh,
he got it scanned. And, uh, you know,
they said that there might've been something there,
but it's hard to tell it's probably some sort of a hairline fracture. And, uh,
they did their best to just stay healthy until they get into the fight.
But if you go to Laura's interview, it's really excellent.
And Kavanaugh explains that and it looks like a John Wayne
Parr picked up something too.
It looked like the shin was compromised on one of the leg kicks to not the one
that Dustin thought Dustin thought that probably it was probably damaged more
than once because a Dustin checked one of the kicks and then pointed
to Connor's shin.
Like I know that hurt or that hurt you, but there's one.
This is from John Wayne pars page. He throws his kick. If you watch Connor shin,
see, look, it kind of buckles right there. See that.
That's definitely something right now, right after it buckles there.
This is what John put up right afterwards.
Connor then throws a front kick and that's it right there.
And that front kick hits the knee. Now, as it puts it down, his knees,
his shin is shot. Now. Now he goes to throw a punch. He throws a punch,
and then as he steps back, he doesn't have it on his,
if you go to mine, you'll see that. If you go to mine,
go to my Instagram and you'll see, um, I repost it from, uh,
Eric Nixon from, um, uh, extreme Coture. So he's,
he throws this front kick. And as he throws the front kick,
it hits the elbow at the points. He's throwing it up,
see that and bam, it catches it. And then it goes down.
And right now he's standing on that fractured. So he puts it behind him,
watch he puts it behind him and then he throws the punch.
And then when he goes to throw the punch, he picks the foot off the ground,
right? Here's the left-hand that almost looked like it. But watch this,
it did bend back, but watch this bang,
then it just gives out completely see it folds over. Wow.
So it was snapped above the ankle. It wasn't actually the ankle.
It was above the ankle. Here's what's really crazy.
There's been so many fights in the UFC
and to have all these breaks in a row,
there's been a shock. Ray Soza got his arm broken. Chris,
Weidman got his leg broken.
This has been a ton of breaks over and over and over again, over the last,
going on, just people are getting good at breaking people's bones.
People like it's really, really what it is, you know?
And the Chris Weidman was a freak accident. The craziest is.
Chris Weidman. There's only been,
I think 1, 2, 3, 4,
there's been four leg breaks like that in the UFC and the history of the UFC.
Chris Weidman's been involved in two of them. The odds are insane. Insane.
Anderson Silva threw a kick. He checked it, Anderson, broke his knee.
He threw a kick Uriah hall, checked it or Anderson broke his leg. Rather.
He threw it. Uriah hall check. Did he broke his leg? Crazy. It's crazy odds.
The odds of these things happening like in this, this number are nuts.
That is crazy. Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.